there we've got like some Russian boys
committee inspiration or success I'm
mark Isaacs it and I'm your host and I'm
still fighting a little bit of a call
today as I was last week's recording but
that's ok
dance pretty good at it over to him
he'll be able to do most of the talking
actually really excited is a lot of fun
stuff great stuff in his background lot
of interesting things to share with us
is to introduce myself here as they do
each week and an instructor on you to me
I've been doing these blood tests now
for a few months while I'm there I'm
still figuring out things together and
make my own fair share of mistakes I
have already put my leak in this session
here in the chat window he wanted to
check out my courses and you to me about
this transfer there I will shortly post
a link or where this replay will appear
does not actually is currently available
for people who are interested I suspect
there will be some of you who will be
interested after this caused an actually
is a lot of fun and it's got a whole lot
of knowledge that will get the chance
for that link to appear here I just
pasted it in the meantime I will do the
official introduction of my guest today
let me clear my throat here at Monroe is
a confidence Coast oh my goodness
coach based on he created the rodeo
men's mastermind group which is growing
every day and is the number one
bestselling author of the legendary life
and specializes in helping people figure
out what it means to just be yourself
helping them removed the psychological
barriers to living he comes from a
psychology
science philosophy and is expertly
trained in motivational techniques
psychological confidence leadership
skills acceptance and value living and
managing manipulation is a former people
pleaser who spent most of his life
trying to make other people approve of
him once you discovered that this was a
painful way to live he set out to find
the truth about how to enjoy life and be
ultimately satisfied with who you are as
a person he followed the pattern which
he calls the three X model that
underlies success in all areas of life
can be learned quickly and effectively
dans mission in life is to teach people
this secret so that they can get the
most out of their short time this planet
so then tell us a little bit about what
your life was like before you started on
the cool it goes through the roof right
now
yeah I think like we talked about
earlier this week I think nice guy is
the best way to categorize the way I was
living and socially at the pool of
people please eat something that starts
in early childhood many people are
affected by it to me it was just a
misunderstanding so some key elements
that occurred when I was younger and
thinking that I need to constantly be
seeking the approval of others that
there was the ultimate height of living
was have people like you and to be
approved off and this ended up
determining the way I lived my entire
life and I kind of safety approach that
I took to being in social interactions
where I would perform the people there's
a lot of different ways that this people
pleasing comes out some people just hide
in the background so they don't up CD
new one
and other people they they develop a
persona often thousands of different
personas four different individuals and
as one of those is a comedian hiding in
plain sight so I would perform before
more the time particularly for people I
felt intimidated by or people who like
deemed as higher status than myself and
stay in I wouldn't yeah I basically just
my behavior that the things I revealed
everything all the time steep adjusting
it to make sure just what people wanted
manipulating them so that they stayed
and heightened mood around me that
something was sad or angry upset I learn
the skills to manipulate them into being
happy you know and which is also may
cause I don't tell myself that at the
time I'm a good person on this site
they've gone for people like me it's
just people pleasing but yeah I had the
age of about 24 25 and at some point
just win you know this is not working
this is Moshe this whole way of living
is pretty much just painful and all the
things that I'm supposed to be getting
from being nice and not happening I'm
not getting love and connection like I
want my career as a going away i won
and seems like the universe is not
rewarding me for being nice that's
really unfair and so I started looking
making some changes and I think it
really we talked about this a really big
gun for me with the whole pick up artist
movements this you know this learning
how to manipulate woman into liking it
so I go worse before I got better much
much worse I became a huge manipulation
skills I now learned how to be the
master of all people places and has
since and but what the stormy was that I
can change if I want to I can learn new
behaviors I can address fear I don't
have to just lived the kind of had been
dealt I can make some decisions for
myself and
you know long story short I discovered
the beauty that comes from being honest
this kind of way of living where you
allow people to dislike you that's gonna
be the case you allow people to be
polarized away from you in order to
express yourself as truthfully as
accurately as possible and after many
years of slowly delving into this more
and more and finding that kind of
connection and rewards that come from
being this way I started reverse
engineering how does this happen and
that's where we came up with the three X
model and you know that's why we're here
today right but before we jump into the
model and some of the other big stuff
that you have to share I don't want to
gloss over the whole artists that you
went through you and you said that you
did learn from that the upside of it the
positive it positive was that you did
learn that you can change your behavior
talking a little bit you mentioned is
when we were talking in our prep session
but there's a couple of different
schools of the pickup artist methodology
you are using one of them also talked to
me about how and when you were doing
this pickup artist things that you had a
sense that you were being honest in your
being authentic so talk a little bit
more of the pickup artist schools that
the one that you were using it how he
went about practicing some of the pickup
artist skills that made you feel like
you are making progress at the time even
though now you're able to tell us you
got worse not better
yes there was when it first came out
there's a book called the game by Neil
Strauss and it's it's a fun book to read
and I took their book very seriously you
know this book heads step-by-step
instructions in terms of how to make
someone attracted to you and the there
was a branch of all these different
schools but all of them had one thing in
common and that is avoid rejection to
use psychological tactics to trigger
kind of unconscious things and somebody
else to basically manipulate them from
such a callable that they have no choice
in the matter and it's it's through this
kind of indirect false I don't know what
you'd call it like routine so I'm going
to talk to someone I had the whole like
first 20 to 30 minutes of conversation
already planned I know exactly what I'm
gonna do I know how to react to the in
to keep it on track and so on so this
this allowed me to actually just get
into conversations that I hadn't had
before in my life that allowed those
little bits of good stuff that was
happening there that I mean for started
Linds I learned how to initiate a
conversation with a complete stranger in
any situation that's a really valuable
skill that I still used today I learned
there's there are a lot of rules that I
thought existed that dimes like just
because somebody looks like they were
the boyfriend order on the phone that
doesn't mean you can't talk to them you
know it just goes on in a big group in
your by yourself doesn't mean you can't
go and talk to their group
a little these rules that could be
broken but after a while I was kind of
like I was getting good at it that was a
problem and are starting to feel kinda
disgusting about myself so I was going
against my values I remember being this
was basically just gaming her as it's
called throughout the whole night
teasing and using all the psych
strategic stuff and i ended up going
home with it and once I got home with I
realized this is wrong
like she doesn't actually have a clue
who I am so hurt us sleep with me now
would be totally non-consensual it's
something very not right about this i
really miss me up and I didn't sleep at
night because of it as I how to sleep on
the floor like I'm having a meltdown
right now it's off to the right on the
other style of pickup of being two rigs
which is where you actually
straightforward about your intentions is
none of the strategic manipulation
anymore it's kind of like I'm here to
talk to you because of these reasons and
those of the accurate reasons and again
there was still strategy and this this
to like trying to make an outcome happen
but it was so much more open and honest
and straightforward and when I saw was
the power of doing this so to go up to
someone and be like to share with them
held over feat did you take the risk
that they will disapprove that it can
really make someone's day the first time
I did it I think I can picture the whole
thing in my head because I've been I've
been building up to doing this for three
months I've been going to a shopping
mall like I'm just gonna be directed
skimpy tour dates and not the only thing
and finally finally found the balls to
do it messed up the skill and just
seemed like I wanted to stop you because
I thought you are gorgeous and you know
how bad I didn't say hi and she just lit
up and this this light bulb went off
inside my head I'm like wow I can make
someone's day just by telling them how I
feel about you know and that was the
beginning and then eventually over time
but I realized as even though I was
doing that
still had a strategy attached to it
still had an outcome a test us trying to
get the girl and that's when I really
started to leak goals then still trying
to get somebody or get something I focus
so much more now on the experience
itself and using truth polarize to push
away things that are bad for me and to
attract things that are good for me was
cut its kinda if it let's just be honest
all the time in the world
adjusts itself around you is still
before being dishonest or time which
means I just as myself who